docs(astro): Update getting started page (#11953)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-next-steps/javascript.astro.mdx

Reviewer: l/no action required: I find it a bit unfortunate that the advanced config section is also on the Getting Started page. We might want to consider moving this somewhere else. Perviously, "Manual Setup" gave us the option to write all of this down but still have a short and concise "Getting Started" page. I think this might be worth to revisit later, potentially after the rework on the "Getting Started" pages (contrator?) of other SDKs is in a good state 🤔

Author: yeah was not sure where to put this tbh, I guess just adding an advanced config sub page also would not make sense?

Author: @Lms24 merging this so we get this out for now, we can do a follow up!

Reviewer: sorry, for not reviewing this in time! I'm fine with leaving it as-is for the moment

## Advanced Configuration Options

> ### Changing config files location

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Changing Config Files Location
```

Auto instrumentation only works for Astro 3.5.2 or newer. If you're using an older version, you need to [manually add the Sentry middleware](#manually-add-server-instrumentation) instead.

</Alert>

In SSR or hybrid mode configured Astro apps, the Sentry Astro integration will automatically add an [Astro middleware](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/middleware/) request handler to your server code. This middleware enhances the data collected by Sentry on the server side by:

- Collecting performance spans for incoming requests
- Enabeling distributed tracing between client and server
- Enhancing captured errors with additional information

### Manually Add Server Instrumentation

For Astro versions below 3.5.2, you need to manually add the Sentry middleware to your `src/middleware.js` file:

```javascript {filename:src/middleware.(js|ts)}
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/astro";
import { sequence } from "astro:middleware";

export const onRequest = sequence(
  Sentry.handleRequest()
  // other middleware handlers
);
```

If you have multiple request handlers, make sure to add the Sentry middleware as the first handler in the sequence.

### Customize Server Instrumentation

> Sentry's Astro middleware allows control over what additional data should be added to the recorded request spans.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sentry's Astro middleware gives you control over what additional data should be added to the recorded request spans.
```
